---
permalink: /updates/introducing-our-product-updates-blog/
title: Introducing our Product Updates blog
layout: post
---

## Improved Billing Clarity

The End User dashboard has been updated to provide greater clarity around billing. We have updated this interface to have “Showed”, “Confirmed” (previously known as “Model”), “Unmarked”, and “Billed”. Information popups that display upon hover over the tabs explain the added metrics.

"Showed" are the appointments that are billed due to being marked as "Show" within ALAN.
"Confirmed” are the appointments that are billed due to the lead indicating that they are going to show.
"Unmarked" are the appointments that are billed due to the appointment being left unmarked for more than 72 hours. Each of the appointments left unmarked have a 40% chance of being billed regardless of if the lead did not show or was not engaged.
"Billed" are the total appointments being billed for. Billed = Showed + Confirmed + Unmarked

## Adjusted References of “Model” to “Confirmed”

All previous references to “Model” billing should now reflect “Confirmed” in an effort to make all of the terminology congruent.

## Improved Invoice Type Clarity

We have updated the “R-Invoice” type to properly display whether the transaction was a Refund or Credit. 

## Adjusted Date Range On End User Dashboard

The date range default has been updated on the End User Dashboard to be a 30 day date range centered on today’s date. Previously, the date range would default to the current month and could cause confusion about missing data just after a new month starts. This change resolves those issues. This date range can still be changed to look at previous data if needed.

## Added Scheduled Appointment Dates to End User Dashboards

End User Dashboard tabs now display the lead’s scheduled appointment date and time. 

